docs/plans.md, before:

# Things to do

- [x] move player around maze
- [x] player collide with walls
- [x] define some polyominos
- [x] spawn random polyomino
- [x] polyomino movement and rotation
- [x] polyomino-level collision
- [x] freeze polyomino to background
- [x] polyomino-player collision
- [x] switch controls between player and polyomino
- [x] remove lines (can we restore walls? should we?)
- [x] mino's hunger + food
- [x] buffered input (if player press up while moving right, it takes effect after the movement finishes
      - held button works just fine, it seems :)
- [x] place blocks to earn food
- [x] what happens when polyomino won't fit?
      - if it won't fit it will just stay over there
      - player is motivated to find a place for it because it earns food
- [x] experiment smaller height so polyomino is visible when spawning
- [o] scoring
- [ ] high scores
- [ ] title screen
- [ ] instructions (both for NES and itch.io)
- [ ] sound
- [ ] music
- [ ] balance polyomino probabilities (otherwise the more symmetrical, the less likely to show up)
- [ ] balance hunger/nutrition
- [ ] irregular polyominos? (e.g. 3 blocks in a diagonal)
- [ ] spawn polyomino on a viable column
- [ ] what happens when it overlaps the player? lock player for a bit? kill them?
- [ ] sprite shuffling, at least for fruits
- [ ] expire old fruits
- [?] 8x16 mode?
      - premature optimization?
        fruits renderer takes 4k cycles, but 8x16 fruits still take 2.8k
- [ ] random polish
- [ ] power ups?

Commit message:

Start moving ggsound to music bank

docs/plans.md, after:

# Things to do

- [x] move player around maze
- [x] player collide with walls
- [x] define some polyominos
- [x] spawn random polyomino
- [x] polyomino movement and rotation
- [x] polyomino-level collision
- [x] freeze polyomino to background
- [x] polyomino-player collision
- [x] switch controls between player and polyomino
- [x] remove lines (can we restore walls? should we?)
- [x] mino's hunger + food
- [x] buffered input (if player press up while moving right, it takes effect after the movement finishes
      - held button works just fine, it seems :)
- [x] place blocks to earn food
- [x] what happens when polyomino won't fit?
      - if it won't fit it will just stay over there
      - player is motivated to find a place for it because it earns food
- [x] experiment smaller height so polyomino is visible when spawning
- [x] scoring
- [ ] music
   - [ ] try putting most of ggsound on its own bank?
- [ ] high scores
- [ ] title screen
- [ ] instructions (both for NES and itch.io)
- [ ] sound
- [ ] balance polyomino probabilities (otherwise the more symmetrical, the less likely to show up)
- [ ] balance hunger/nutrition
- [ ] irregular polyominos? (e.g. 3 blocks in a diagonal)
- [ ] spawn polyomino on a viable column
- [ ] what happens when it overlaps the player? lock player for a bit? kill them?
- [ ] sprite shuffling, at least for fruits
- [ ] expire old fruits
- [?] 8x16 mode?
      - premature optimization?
        fruits renderer takes 4k cycles, but 8x16 fruits still take 2.8k
- [ ] random polish
- [ ] power ups?
- [ ] automino mode?
